The year is 2200. You were recently employed by RTech, the biggest space corporation in New America. Truthfully speaking, you were surprised you were hired given your complete lack of experience but grateful nonetheless. You are an “asset retrieval assistant” who has been assigned to your very first task. You were informed that a mining crew from the RTech extraction division was recently sent out to a remote planet as part of the new expansion project. Apparently there was an incident, so you, along with a partner have been tasked with securing and retrieving important company assets. 
As you walk into the transfer station, you observe the company issued shuttle pod that you would be taking. It looks like an old, rusty piece of junk that was made in the 2150’s. You’re not quite sure you trust it to take the two of you to your destination in one piece. Nonetheless, you embark on your journey along with your partner. On the way to your destination, you decide to get to know your coworker better. You introduce yourself and ask them for their name, to which they respond, “I’m Cyttos, nice to meet ya.” 
You decide to make some small talk with Cyttos:|
^

“Is this your first assignment too?”|
"Nah, this’s my second," Cyttos answers. You feel a bit relieved, knowing that Cyttos could probably teach you the ropes. “Ah, I barely did jack though, mostly just let my partner do the work.” You raise an eyebrow. “Relax, I’m just messin’ with ya... half messing…” Cyttos winks.^

“Do you know how to work the controls on this thing?”|
“Nah, this thing is locked in autopilot mode, so there’s no need. Only control we got over this piece of metal is an emergency brake.” “And that’s where?” you ask. “Uh… yeah, no clue. Think it should be in the manual somewhere around here? Dunno where that would be either though, I forgot.”^

Cyttos doesn’t seem very reliable, but at least they’re friendly. You wonder what else you could talk to Cyttos about:|
^

“This thing doesn’t seem safe, huh?”|
“I mean, it ain’t the worst ride I’ve been in before. Doesn’t make it any less of a sketchy piece of junk though. Corpo’s do love their budget cuts. Not like we can do much about it,” Cyttos shrugs.^

“Do you know what happened to the mining crew?”|
“Only as much as they told us. So nothin’. That’s RTech for ya.”^

“Do they usually give us this little to go off of?”|
“Pretty much. And they don’t like when we ask questions.”^

“It’s nothing dangerous right?”|
“Eh, you’re probably thinking too much about it. If it were actually dangerous, they’d make sure we were actually qualified to deal with it and all that.”^

Cyttos yawns. “Well, I’ma catch some Zs, it’s gonna be a hot minute till we get there. I’d recommend you do the same if you don’t wanna die of boredom.” Heeding their advice, you shut your eyes and drift off to sleep, wondering what the planet would be like.

An indeterminate amount of time later…

A violent jolt rips you from your sleep. Flashing red lights attack your tired eyes as loud, blaring alarms ring out through the ship. Something is very wrong and you wonder what the hell happened during your sleep. You look over to your right to see Cyttos frantically searching for the ship manual. You yell, “What the hell happened?”, to which Cyttos yells back, “I don’t know! I think something hit us!” Before the two of you can even fully process what to do, the ship crashes into something, knocking you out instantly…

Your eyes flicker open as you regain consciousness. Your ears are ringing and there’s a sharp pain in your head. You take note of your surroundings. Everything around you lies in complete disarray. Sparks occasionally fly out from electronics and parts of the walls and ceiling are caved in. The whole ship creaks and groans ominously. You look for Cyttos, but their seat is empty. You attempt to get up from your seat, which makes you notice how much your whole body aches. Using the armrest as support, you manage to lift yourself onto your feet. The faint glow of flickering red emergency lights act as your only source of light. You make your way over to the door of the cockpit and open it. You enter a narrow hallway. Above you, a dim light dangles loosely from its wire. There is a door to your left labeled “MEDICAL” and a door to your right labeled “STORAGE”. 
Which do you enter?|
^

Enter the door labeled "MEDICAL" on your left|
Considering the circumstances, you feel the need to gather supplies. You push open the door and enter a small cramped room. Most of the cabinets are tilted open with medical supplies strewn across the floor. Seems like most of it isn’t salvageable. You search through drawers until you find one with a bunch of broken syringes. You pick through them and find one intact healing syringe, which you pocket. Scanning the counter to your right, you also notice a large pair of scissors. You grab it just in case.^

Enter the door labeled "STORAGE" on your right|
Considering the circumstances, you feel the need to gather supplies. You push open the heavy door to reveal a room lined with tall metal shelves and cabinets. All but one of the metal cabinets have been knocked over and into the shelves in the back left corner. You look to the shelves on your immediate left and notice a large monkey wrench. You turn to your right and open the sole upright cabinet to find a crowbar propped up inside. 
Which do you grab?^

Grab the crowbar|
It feels well-balanced and has a good weight to it. You feel a little safer now that you’re armed.^

Grab the large monkey wrench|
It’s heavy as hell and means business. It takes considerable effort to swing it around, but on the flip side, it’ll do considerable damage to anything it collides with.^

You leave the room and enter the hallway once again. This time, you notice something you hadn’t before. A blood trail leading further down the hall. You immediately think of Cyttos and fear for the worst. Anxiously, you follow the trail further down into the ship until you find yourself at a junction point. To your left is the airlock exit. In front of you, the trail of blood leads deeper down the ship. You could escape the ship right now, or you could keep following the trail and looking for Cyttos. 
Which do you choose?|
^

Escape the ship|&
You decide that your main priority should be getting the hell out of there before the ship falls apart. You turn left and enter the room. The airlock doors seem rugged and heavy duty, with a line down the middle where they slide apart. There is a lever on the wall next to the airlock doors. You walk over to it and try to pull it upwards, but it barely budges. You try again, putting more effort into it. It takes almost all of your strength, but gradually you manage to pull the lever all the way up. The doors make deep, mechanical clanking sounds as they slide open, revealing the foreign terrain outside. You step outside onto what looks and feels like chunks of grayish-purple chalk. Gusts of beige dust pelter you in waves, causing you to put a hand out in front of you. Squinting, you scan the landscape for any signs of life. However, the environment looks completely barren for miles. You start to circle around the ship, observing the damage. You have no idea if the wreck is salvageable, but you’re leaning on the side of doubt. As you approach the front of the ship you notice what could only be described as a writhing mass of veins is stuck onto the underside of the ship’s nose, pulsating sporadically. The hideous mass looks almost like an octopus and appears to be around half the size of an adult human. Disgusted, you slowly approach it to get a closer look. It looks fleshy yet sort of fuzzy and is a mixture of dark purple and crimson. Suddenly, it stops pulsating. Before you can back off, the alien parasite lunges directly towards your face. You barely manage to step to the side and avoid it, but now it’s clearly pissed off. It seems to have gone from fleshy and organ-like to jagged and rigid. You ready yourself as it slithers towards you at an alarming rate.^

Keep looking for Cyttos|&
You decide to keep looking for Cyttos. You continue forward, carefully treading further down the hallway. You follow the trail of blood until you reach the main hub room. There is a large circular table in the middle of the room that the trail leads to and then curves around. It seems like something happened that caused blood splatter in different outward directions originating from the front of the table. You slowly walk around the side of the table until you can see the back of it, revealing the body of Cyttos lying face down in a pool of blood. You begin to rush over to the body when suddenly, it begins to twitch and convulse, causing you to stop dead in your tracks. With a series of unpredictable spasms and disjointed movements, the body is forcibly made to rise up. It turns towards you, giving you a clear view of what used to be Cyttos. What can only be described as a writhing mass of veins has attached itself to Cyttos’ face and is now controlling their lifeless body. You ready yourself as the mimic lurches towards you with an unsettling lack of coordination.^
 
You wipe your brow and catch your breath. You survived your first encounter with death. The gravity of the situation is clear now. You two were sent to your deaths but you survived (for now). Now you’re determined to make it out of this place alive to make the company pay. To be continued?|
^